## 2020-11-21-S -- Session 025 #S025

We do a bunch of merchant stuff.

We ship in to Euripides. Civil Defense requests that we confirm our transponder, under the authority of the MLP Citizen Defense Force. We confirm our crew and whatnot. The display blinks, snow crashes, and frags out. It's replaced with a video feed of the face of Medias Faustus Eulius. It fills the screen in a prerecorded message. Welcome, crew of The Hovercraft. We're so glad to have you in our system contributing to our booming economy and stopping by our colony. It is my personal pleasure to invite you to our blooming world. Mention his name and get 5% off docking fees. Welcome to Euripides!

We head in and make preparations and talk to each other and stuff. The mercs are curious if we'll have need for them. We bring our ship in through the system and see a fair amount of debris. Not just asteroids and stuff, but we're giving wide berths to debris fields - remnants of long-past fought battles. All very, very old, caked with ice and dust and such. In orbit, around Euripides, are two complete orbital stations. Major stations. One is completely dead, obviously shattered. No power signatures, etc. Could've held 10s of thousands. The other is 1/10th the size, lit up, and surrounded by floating ads. Looks like a truck stop. FOOD, FUEL, SHOWERS! XXX! Lots of surface-air-orbit traffic. Cargo haulers, trucks, passenger transport, etc. Weird part is that they're better armed and armored than typical greyhound bus-style transit, but it may just be Western Reaches sort of stuff.

As we land, we're bombarded with ads and prerecorded messages from actual people offering standard services, but getting weirder and weirder as we go to land. Eventually, the ship initiates its own spam filter. Ads are on air traffic channels, etc. They're clearly prerecorded videos, but commenting on our ship, components, and crew by name. We break atmo and come through for landing. Most ads suggested stunning vistas and glittering ice fields and rocks rolling across glaciers (actually hexapodal beetles of some kind that are vantablack)

Their ATC is like it's run by a toddler on too much Adderall. We see a midair fender-bender. Rahim manages to save The Hovercraft's paint job from a local yokel dickbag and two fighter-size craft in a mid-air gunfight before zipping out over the tundra when defense turrets on the starport add their own voice to the conversation. We then get a ping from ATC that comes through and says something like, "PILOT, there is an emergency situation in the LANDING ZONE at this time. You'll be informed when the emergency is over. This has been brought to you by the MLP. {{fanfare}}"

It's like a busy airport that's been hit by strafing run bombs, partially cleared, and still operational. In the corner of our landing pad is the nose cone and flight control panel of a fighter craft. An octagonal tunnel bored directly into the earth at a 45deg angle big enough to fit the Empire State Building. Some ships go in and out, but the majority of the starport it outside and is where people are landing. We scan the tunnel and highlights that there is a huge tunnel of underground space and power lines that make up a termite nest underground. There's a full city's worth of tunnels underground. The entire population of Euripides is living in the old mining tunnels.

We get a map of the neighborhoods and train system. In the center of everything is the market district. It's like a wheel where the spokes of the wheel go through the tire. The inner hub is where a lot of the municipal and utility buildings are. The spokes are the residential areas. The space between the center hub and outer ring are the market districts. The pattern is repeated several times. The angled tunnel digging into the planet repeats this pattern.

We figure out there are no trade regulations on Euripides. Here, all the information required is what, how much, and for what costs you're selling things. The market costs are eyewatering. Euripides Colonial Government takes a 40% cut of all sales, already factored into the friction here. Failure to remunerate the ECG with fees will result in 3rd party entities being contracted at your eventual expense to recover necessary funds. There is enough material left over from the establishment of Euripides that they can produce the materials for establishing permanent structures for colonies. Very durable, very cheap. They also have TUBE GOATS, livestock that has been bred to not just endure but thrive in the shockingly high background radiation of Euripides. They're not exactly goats, but somewhere between goat + sheep + something else. They thrive in lightless terrain, as long as you provide food and water. Exchange rates fluctuate hourly, and the easiest way to handle it is to purchase averaged futures. This place expanded in some sort of tech or investment boon before ANY guardrails were put in for anything. We thread our way through labyrinthine details of exchanges, and have a globalized average exchange can be traded in 3:1 with other currencies.

We sell cornsilk for a fair bit of coin. Whoever's running the government is using Eulius DeepFakes to govern the planet.

We decide to try and gather information. Emrite hacks the networks to try and get some additional info. There are three internets laid on top of each other, apparently built on the backbone of the MLP telecommunications infrastructure, itself based on Terran Mandate tech. The core of the network on this planet was built on the Terran Mandate. They built the original fiber line, launched the original satellites. The current network that is shallow but broad. The oldest one able to be found is 6m old. Anything older than that is in MLP or Terran Mandate territory.

2/3 Greek speakers despite a massively polyglot colony, likely involved with the mob. Eulius isn't Greek, though, it's Latin. Latinate names are a holdover from the Terran Mandate.

Rahim talks through a bunch of different people trying to make the right connection. A picture of the last 7 months form over several spots. 10m ago, this was a hole in the ground, a wasteland run with the cruel but efficient fist of the MLP by maintaining an iron grip on repair and access to the sole food replication system. It's a pretech system that produced a biocompatible and nutritious nutrient slurry. At one point in those months, someone capitalized on this. A mercenary attack on the colony's food replication systems. Systems got damaged and there was some back-and-forth. Eulius stepped in to repair, there was an exchange, his granddaughter got kidnapped by mercs (not Kruuti). Somehow, the Eulius family got the blueprints for these systems that didn't require pretech. Selling these brought in a waterfall of money, investment, and visitation. Rulers were ousted nearly overnight. They swept in, kicked the others out, and established themselves as the Eulius Colonial Government. They'd been living in squalor, but the additional investment and industry that the Sumerium is nearly an afterthought - especially as Unia fell. Euripides is now shaping up as the only trade hub city not affiliated with any of the major sector powers with 1/10th of the regulation. Granted, you'll pay your fees to the government (obviously the crime family). Some people don't like that. There's a lot of back and forth. Some will try to take a cut before a cut gets taken. That was the way of things. If you could get yours before they got theres, there was money to make. Getting caught was problematic for you and anyone who even touched you. Stability for many months... until recently. Around 4 months ago, there started to be a problem with terrorism. Infrasturcture sabotaged. Projects bombed, power cut, people killed/injured, etc. People in government positions started vanishing. There's an active campaign against the ECG. As a result, they turtled up. Trade hasn't been interrupted - if anything, it's gone up. The cost of doing business is high, but not so high as to choke it all off. You have to deal with them to get anything done, because the costs of not is far too high - ALWAYS. Getting harder because they're adding more and more and more layers of abstraction. Nobody wants it to slow down. Nobody can remember seeing Eulius in the past 3 months. Lots of rumors about what's happened to him. He gives a speech every month, but it's remote.
