Rahim hits the streets to find information on the scuttlers. He finds gangbangers roving in groups of 3-7, and the events of the previous night stirred up some shit. It's tough to figure out who's who. He can pick out that sometimes the scuttlers wear the tag, and figures out how to pick them out. The Knifetwisters just look... worse. Crews are roaming around. Something's brewing.

No one pins me as a member of the crew, but two different people ask if I know anything about who came in on our ship. Someone is definitely asking questions about our ship and its crew.

Emrite hits the net for similar information. There's a ship called the Dogfish that's running something. They've also got some sort of collection scheme for a local mining religion. There's a shrine that the miners were worshipping at after they first landed. They're making regular protection runs on the place. The mascot is a big statue of a black-bodied tortoise. They dig up a fair amoung of gold and precious metals, and miners often make donations to the tortoise. They also run pit fights.

We pay for the first tier of access and cruise around. The scuttlers are not just taking protection from but also sponsoring the pit fights. It's in the MLP structure in the tent city. They take place tonight, and then reoccur once a week thereafter. We go a tier deeper and reliably infer from the next bit of information that they make an ENORMOUS profit off of the fights. Nearly every single member of the scuttlers is on hand for the events. They take bets, watch out for gangs, and take most of the payment in local hard chips - unnetworked credit chips. A select crew escorts the take home at the end of the night. They put out flaming barrels for heat. The rules are basically "whatever you can get away with without pissing off the crowd." There's no ref. Just a crowd. There are crowd favorites, but that's what we're looking at. A final circle is available for 6000c.

We decide to put out the money for the mining religion as well. It's mostly miners and friends and family. Lots of job-specific memes. They shake down the shrine around 1/wk, and are pretty regular about it. It seems to be an accepted fact of life. They're expected tomorrow night around dusk. A crew comes by and shakes down the shrine.

We drone up and head out to the fights, and there are loads of people walking around like pit bosses. There's cash trading hands, bets being made, etc. The chips are beaten - nobody's making 100k, they're more likely 2-5c, rarely 10-15c bets on the fights. A lot of the scuttlers are wearing their tokens openly, and there are no KTs. They're still sweeping for KTs. They throw an unaffiliated bookie into the ring and let him get the shit beat out of him. There are three fights going on. One looks like a boxing batch between two burly women, another is between a trio of guys with repurpose mining equipment for weapons and some offworld creature. It's something reptilian in a cage - something the size of a big sheep or young cow is in there. There's a lot more legs, though, and more joints than can properly be counted. It's like a smooth and rapid motions of a snake or lizard, but is like a daddy-long-leg the size of a cow. Every so often, it puffs out and we see a new stain. There are three miners talking to each other. Each time it puffs out, they look at each other nervously and check their weaponry.

Rahim realizes that the high volume means they're making most of their money on the vig. The bets themselves don't matter - the huge take is a reliable cut of every bet made. The actual play is irrelevant.

We also notice that there's a gaggle of pickpockets working the crowd. They're all women, but not scuttlers. Kruuti notices that more than half of them have a small tattoo of an owl behind their ear.

The takes are being gathered in a singular location - the densest knot of smugglers, counting it and putting it in a single crate. It's a securely held densoplast crate. It's a remarkably dense material used for high-security transport of objects. There's an electronid lock built into the locking mechanism. It's a mutli-element locking mechanism. The chips are assessed, verified, and counted. Between bouts, the whole thing is sealed.

We take our leave and view through the drone that the gamblers are all paid out, the vig is collected, and goes into the strongbox. Several people walk up to the lock and use RFID tags to sign off on its closure. Maglocks close - this fucker's not opening without their signoff. Four BIG motherfuckers show up. They all look like they're 6' 300lbs and they all grab the reinforced handle of it and struggle to lift it. As they're moving it away from the fight pits, lots of people follow. One guy, leading the way, is tall, thin, and wearing a sweeping longcoat. He has a holster with a well-maintained mag pistol. This guy's wearing a match-grade shooter's glove. This is for competition shooters and snipers. He's either bought everything to look scary, or is in fact extremely dangerous with his pistol.

There are around 8 other guys walking along as protection for the small caravan. The caravan, led by the gunslinger, goes out of the barracks, heads out of the side streets, and goes over a makeshift bridge (a ship garage door over an open sewer) past hanging gibbets, down a side alley, and head into a plaza through a gate that closes behind them. In the center of the plaza is a collapsed well - more like a sinkhole. Now, it's a multi-tiered sinkhole. Reinforced, based on IR and ultrasonic views. The crate is lowered with counterweighted cargo elevators. People emerge from deeper in to maneuver the cargo as it comes down. Half the people who came with it go down with it while the gunslinger and 4 of the people who weren't carrying the box leave and head off into the tent city. The drone picks up at least 20 warm bodies.

The next day, around systemNoon, the spy drone detects more than a small number of people filtering into the shrine. It's a large pile of sumerian mineral tailings. It's a concrete-like slurry of mineral dross left over after the ore is removed. It's a fine, chemically-treated powder that will adhere to itself like muddy concrete. In this environment, it seals up into a strong but brittle mound. On top is a 6ft wide hand-shaped statue of a black-bodied tortoise. The feet, all 6 of them, are spraypainted or smeared with soot to be black as expected. The head, which is heavily armored, is similarly blackened. The shell, made up of triangular sections, is covered in beaten gold. The gold is hand-hammered by a person wrapped in layer and layer of parkas in almost a meditative trance at the base. Along the refuse around the base are a series of unreadable brown blots climing around and over the lap of this person. Eventually, it becomes clear that they're young black-bodied tortoises. People come in and dump e-waste - broken compads, controllers, components, etc - into a wicker offering bowl. They self-sort it into wicker containers. The gold, small unrefined chunks or jewelry, goes into a big plastic bowl directly in front of the shrinekeeper. Maybe a dozen people filter in, but an hour or so after noon some scuttlers show up. They're wearing their tokens openly. This guy's 8' tall, he's 500lbs, and none of it is fat. He must be gengineered. They have a big crate of broken computer parts. They dump it in front of the shrine and pick through the other shrine materials. They throw credit chips out of the pile to each other. They get the best stuff, most useful, etc. They're not touching the obvious riches in the bowl. The shrinekeeper says nothing, they take their stuff, and they go on their way. Tailing them, they go to the food/booze tent run out of the dogfish. After a few hours drinking, they stumble back to the hole in the ground.

We learn that the 8 ft guy is Gricci. He's a well-known murderer-for-hire. He's not actually part of the PSSs, though he's working for them. He's not the smartest, but we're fairly certain that the rumors are true: he's an escaped convict from a penal work colony. Sometime recently, he got a mechanical skeleton implant, and has the grip strength of a hydraulic press. He doesn't run out of stamina, like an anaconda. People die of asphyxiation before he crushes their bones.
