## 2020--S -- Session 017 #S017

We begin back in the storage room, seeing that there's another shaft down. Additionally, another wheel with cables that descend into the floor. Upon approaching them, we realize they're chains. We use a lantern from the box, which illuminates a globe of the room in blood red light. The wheel and the chains are patina'd and look old - but are not broken. Looking down into the chain shafts descend past the reach of the light in the left shaft, while the right shaft has an object in the shaft 40 ft down. The chain is connected directly to it, while the other chain descends through a channel in the shaft. The object almost fills the entire shaft. We realize that we're looking at the top of an elevator car. Since we approached the wheel, we notice that the far end of the room has an alcove and a tunnel to proceed.

We go down the tunnel and come to an ornate, nearly circular arch. 15m beyond the edge is a veritically hanging chain, stretching up as far as our light can reach. A narrowing of the calcite structure with another calcite structure. We see that we're midway down a massive stalactite looking at another across from us, with a chain attached up where the two nearly come together. We can see something up near where it attaches - roughly 3-4m above where the chain is anchored is a span of metal bridging the two stalactites. It's vertical, and clearly stained. Above it is a bronze trap door with a yawning, toothed mouth. Across from us, there's no place for us to swing to. Below us, we can see a number of steel cables or chains mounted to the sides of the stalactites and stretching down. They're taut, at complimentary angles between the structures, but we can't see all the way down. There's roughly a dozen of them. The closest attachment point is easily 30m below us.

We return to the storage room to find that nothing has changed in our short absence. We decide to take the ladder hole down. The ladder goes down another 30m, hits an antechamber, and goes down further into a broad hall.

Hanging from the ceiling is a cargo cage. The E and S walls hace stairs down, and another ladder descends into the floor. On the east wall is a garage-door sized bronze door with patterns, gears, and symbols. It's currently down, but is designed to collapse upwards like a garage door. It is broad as a 3-lane highway. On the side of it is a chain pulley linked up to the mechanism by the door. It's roughly human height.

We float a compad up to surveil the cargo cage and find that it's empty. As we're trying to clear floors as we go, we decide to open the bronze door. The chains we saw before come down here to connect to bulbous structural connectors of an amber substance that connect to a bridge. The bridge extends across from 2/3 down the stalactite we're in to the very bottom of the adjacent stalactite. At the far end is an open archway, roughly the size of the door we just opened. From this side of the doorway on our end, it doesn't appear to be openable from the outside if it were to shut. We decide to close this back up and take the ladder in the floor to continue exploring the current stalactite.

Part of the way down is a side passage with flickering lime green light. We hop off the ladder to investigate. We find a pool of thick, clear liquid. There are three objects in the pool, below the surface. We realize there's a sword - a scimitar - burning with the lime-green flame; a tongue made of silver-grey metal, gently undulating; and a silvery-grey child, an infant - roughly the size of a medium-sized watermelon - sleeping at the bottom of the pool. It looks like a statue or sculpture, until we see its leg kick as though dreaming. The bioscanner alerts that we're not in immediate danger, but there are multiple sources of very powerful radiation in proximity. Emrite attempts to gently shake the baby with her brain, and it reacts a smidge. Kruti approaches closer, and the bioscanner reacts more vehemently. Nearby are significant amounts of Europium, Thorium, and Neptunium.

Emrite tries to pull the sword. It emerges from the liquid on fire. The liquid drops off like hot maple syrup. The Europium notification comes to the forefront. Pulling it free from the pool increases the intensity of the flames. Within a few seconds, it's bright as a torch and the whole thing is more lime-green flame than metal. There doesn't appear to be psitech. The grip is molded to be held in a specific way. Emrite puts it back in the pool.

The first sign something's amiss is when one of the merc asks "What the fuck is that?" climing down more of the ladder. We emerge in another chamber, roughly carved. It's roughly 20ft EW and 40ft NS. Strung up like a tortured star in the center of the room is a radial symmetrically spiked crystal. It's moving. There are chains hanging from the ceiling with hooks stuck into it, holding it up in the air. It's quivering and bleeding small drops. All 16 of its lower spikes have tubes to take in the blood. The floor is stained like a bruise from the fallen ichor. There is also a small table in the corner, on which is a collapsed curling matrix of clay - a 3-dimensional shape that looks bizarrely complex and strange. The walls of the room are covered with mass spec-like patterns.

The bioscanner recognizes the star as a living organism. It gives an error and says that we're looking at a single-celled organism and it's not designed for use on microfauna. It can't identify the creature. Kruti tries to make telepathic contact and succeeds, along with feeling emotions coming off of it - a deep and pervasive sadness. It doesn't communicate in any type of coherent speech, but rather complex emotions. The sadness coming off of it is at least complex as coming off of another person, but is pure. It's not hiding anything, it's just pure sadness. She asks it if it's trapped, and it returns the desire for freedom, but nothing more complicated than wanting to move past an obstacle. She asks it what it is, and gets an extremely complex response. Normally, answers are emotional or sometimes memories of physical sensations. This thing transmits the experience of time. Judging by that response, it's been around for a length of time that she literally can't comprehend. Its response is a length of time that's impossible to process. It's probably 10s of thousands or millions of years old. It doesn't respond when asking if that's how long its been stuck here, nor when she asks if it would hurt us if freed. She asks if it can move, and it weakly shivers and shakes the chains. When asked if it's hurt, it gets the desire to move. She asks if it would like to be freed, and it just shivers. We decide to come back and free it later.

A merc points out that there is a wall of flesh growing over the exit in the ceiling. It has sclera, no iris, and mostly pupil. It's swiveling in the socket, and pressing in from the shaft. On the other side, it sounds like grinding. We roll initiative and hear more grinding and fingers and an arm make their way in.

Rahim shoots a burst with his laser rifle, but misses. He moves to the top of the stairs as well. Emrite also misses with the shear rifle and takes off a chunk of wall. The gnarled cartiloginious hand reaches for Kruti, pushing a hairless and pignosed head push through into the room, grabbing her like a child's toy. Kruti tries to fire at the hand, but the hand flexes and she can't bring her weapon to bear. The mercenaries turn, take a knee, and shoot tracer rounds into the arm - the single-celled organism is an unfortunate bystander between them and the arm. They fire heavily, and the mass is peppered with smart rounds that eventually curve around the other organism. The thing opens its mouth - more like unfurling a soft mouth than a jawbone, filled with tooth-like protrusions, which were grinding like we heard above.

Rahim shoots with another burst of laser fire, and it doesn't quite burn like normal. Emrite also hits with her sheer rifle, but it also deals less damage than expected. The giant sweeps its hand over to grab Cassius and starts whipping him around. He's screaming. Kruti tries to shoot it, but misses. The mercs hear Cassius screaming and look like they're going to try to fire at the hand, but pause instead of maybe hitting Cassius. They instead pull out knives and go hard on the hand. It's not even reacting.

Rahim shoots another burst for damage. Emrite removes chains from the organism and attempts to use one of the chains to injure the giant. It twists in place, avoiding some of the damage. It still has Cassius in its hand. It looks towards Emrite - strange, since she made no noise or gave any indication that she was controlling the chains. It mad-dogs her, and then pops the screaming Cassius right into his mouth. We can still hear him screaming. The remaining mercs scream in abject horror. It reaches up to slap at us, but instead snatches up Emmet. Hugo becomes angry, swearing heavily and unloading another burst of gunfire - mostly getting the walls with tracer rounds. Smart rounds get confused, tracing incorrect impact spots. The organism falls from its chains towards us, even as parts scratch off. It's shedding clear fluid and turning milky-white. It's massive and sharp, though. We take some damage, Kruti more than others - except the impact is sumped by Emrite's telekinesis. Kruti scans us to determine the fluid content and asks the organism if it's ok. The organism is now completely opaque and doesn't respond to the inquiry. The fluid is eventually identified as a biohazard. It shouldn't be consumed, but doesn't warn against using it on your skin. It's a massive, complicated molecule. It's likely a biological origin data storage medium. Hugo fires more (?) and has better luck - dealing considerably more damage.

Rahim fires and misses. Emrite inflicts force on the chains, figuring out how to evade some of the damage. The giant opens its mouth and curls it in as Cassius stops screaming and blood jolts out of the mouth. Cassius is probably dead. Something complicated and bad happens to Emrite: he looks over to Emrite and hits her with Emmet like a meat flail. There's a loud crunch as his armor clatters against hers. Emmet is badly wounded by the impact. Kruti roots around for the vial of deadly neurotoxin and remotely heals Emmet, the meatbat. Hugo still shoots.

Rahim fires more, missing more. Emrite takes the vial of neurotoxin and attempts to put it in the giant's eye, seemingly successfully. Nothing obvious or immediately happens. The giant throws Emmet at Kruti. Kruti tries to wield Ascultation to no avail, and manages to heal Emmet. Hugo seems lost in battle. The arm is pockmarked with craters from the caseless rounds.
