## 2020-09-26-S -- Session 019 #S019

We continue further down into a domed room, about the size of a 2-car garage with one entrance and no door. The center of the room is dominated by a huge steel wheel with complex intermeshed gears with lesser wheels arranged around it. They can be turned separately. They're like steering wheels, mounted parallel to the ground. The wheel is 15' across, while the lesser wheels are as broad across as a truck tire. They're arranged around the central wheel. They don't turn on their own. Roughly 10-12 wheels aside from the central.

Kruuti attempts to see the future, and has a vision of hanging upside down in a pit and being overwhelmed with light and then suddenly standing on a busy street corner on an alient planet.

Emrite goes to move the wheel with her telekinesis, and it moves fairly easily. It's counterweighted. Below our feet, we hear a deep and hollow THOOM! Like a massive metal object striking another - like a mechanism shifting, not like something dropping. The wheel them stops turning. She turns the rest of the wheels, but not further noises or obvious effects take place. Nothing else happens in the room.

We continue further down and emerge through a caged spiral staircase below the entire mass of the stalactite. There is virtually nothing around us to be seen, except two enormous sections of dome that open below us - making us the pearl in a clam. Gears operate them, leading into the wheel room. The metal making up the half-shells is the same off-color bronze on the trap door with the mouth on it. Below us is some kind of pod like a closed walnut that the stairs go into. About the size of a large SUV or escape pod. In the chamber is a single seat, not attached to the floor. It's attached to a geared mechanism that rotates the seat to face down. It's attached to the ceiling. It's set up to rotate downwards, and an enormous lever next to it. The chair has straps to hold one in, and is set up to rotate downwards. From within, we can see that there are large gears on all four sides of the walls, near where the walls touch the flat floor. There is a cross-section seam running the length and breadth of the chamber.

Rahim volunteers to be the guinea pig in the chair. He gets harnessed into the chair with an additional safety line leading out to Emrite and anchored to a cage. Rahim tries to translate the two cards, and gets back:

Objects Are Further Away Than They Appear
Please Do Not View The Leviathan Mines

Rahim operates the lever and the floor beneath drops away, and the seat tips straight down. With a shudder of dust shaking down from the central column, the pillar extends down slowly as it extends slowly down. It goes down 15 feet before it stops moving. In time with the clanking, the chair starts craning around, calibrating? Upside down at first and the until he's half upside-down, and then goes left to right. Below him is immesurable distance, consuming blackness. Nothing below except the rim of an enormous lense. Not clear what's supporting it. The edge has a faint gleam from the lights, and it more or less fills his vision. Looking through it, there's a growing light from something beyond the lens. As he continues to stare at it, the lights fade to darkness. The space beyond begins brightening. There are rivers of writhing blackness moving below. Black on black shifting darkness begins somehow growing in luminescense. He feels himself lurch as his perception shifts until he finds himself looking at a new scene. Though gravity acts on him as it previous did, his view is completely different. He's standing on the deck of a ship upright. He's still in the seat, but it seems that he's on the deck of a ship. He can see out into the expanse of space and to a planet below. Around him are the hexagonal shapes of insect hives, like a paper wasp nest. Traced through them are firmer, but organic, shapes of metal. Interface pads? Clustering near each pad is a 7.5' glass wasp filled with a churning opaque gas. The air around is swirling with changing smells and forces. Their wings are occassionally buzzing with the sound of glass armonicas all around. The planet is maybe earth-sized, terrestrial, bathed in the light of a sun. It appears to be completely covered in megastructures of fungal blooms that stretch across the intervening distance of continents, choking out oceans, and literally writhing jets of sports as large as attack ships and fighter jets. A crescendo of communication on the bridge precedes a barrage of missiles streaking down to the planet and blooming into nuclear mushrooms. The entire quarter of the planet that's visible is shrouded in a roaring wave of fire and smoke. The only thing coming to mind is that a planet overcome by fungal spores sounds like the omachi system guarded by enormous skyscrapers floating in space pre-Terran Mandate. He can focus and change his vision. He can't leave the room, but can view things in the room with more detail as though physically there. Trying to leave the room blacks out the vision.

Rahim goes in on a readout screen, but it's not in a language he knows. He recognizes the Atra, the sole alien species. They're in Kasama. They're an argon vespaform species, presiding over non-Atra alien ruins in a tribal structure that's still technically advanced. They don't have a navy. Those who go to Omachi are unceremoniously destroyed by giant space robots. He can't seem to interact with anything.

Attempting to move the wheels while the dome is open reveals that they won't move.

As the light fades, he can see that there's a lesser lense that's closer than the giant lense and a number of shoot-like mechanisms surrounding it it. Like a pinhole camera. There were racks and racks of space.

The compad recording got the entire video of the experience from my initial perspective.

Kruuti turns a wheel, I pull the lever, and we go down again. As he goes down again, Rahim has a better sense of the mechanism. Light turns to dark, the stone below turns to light, and he finds himself in the midst of a battle. Again standing in a biological structure - now like a fleshy heart chamber inside an enormous creature's organ. It's cobalt blue around him, shot through with a fatty marble white. Walking along the surface are mobile warframes of the Hutton Sodality. They're heavily armored, blazing away with energy weapons against a tide - so many as to be liquid - of cobalt blue disassembled humanoid forms. Half a torso with the arm shooting out with a bladelike spear jutting out made of bones; bottom halves with eyes in the crotch; crazy shit. they're shooting out of a sphincter. The tide crashes down, the impact cracking their chassis and boiling black/red cloud of fog jets out of them. The cloud turns the blue flesh into a dead, coral, crumbling clay. Like a dried out sand castle kicked over. A constant churn wages back and forth. They're practically being birthed as fast as they die.

Kruuti wants to try and rotate back to that first position, and we go through the steps. Descending again, the view is now of a cleaner place. It's a laboratory - modern, well-kept, -equipped, and -appointed. There is high-energy experimentation materials around. It's a big space with door seals, and all the doors are airlocked. The wild part is that the room is full of robotic chimps in lab coats manipulating the materials. A central isolation chamber clad in steel and reinforcement banding with giant conduits of gaseous mediums and humming loudly with energy. In the center is a single black ball about the size of a tennis ball. The entirety of the mechanism is limbed with frost and frost crystals. The readouts in the lab are in Mandate Common. It's 20 sig digs .000...0001 above absolute zero. Projecting perception into the chamber, he finds... the thing.

They have a conversation, he gets the puzzle.

He seizes, they pull him out, and he tells them briefly about the encounter. The floor below where he seized was turned to gold. :O

The cards have readouts similar to the ones we've seen elsewhere in the building. The translations read:

    [ Inhumanly chivalrous insect knights / smashing gods, changing the faith by fire of / "Forclose", the Knotsmen's tangled capital ]

    [ Murderous surveyors, hoarded with string / earning by murder the fearful respect of / The Death-Dream Fortress of the Ever-Dying King ]

    [ Philosophical monsters making maps / driven to madness with fear and hate of / crystal-zero guards of the Moon-Giant's Maze ]

This is in pentameter.

We turn the wheel again the clamshell has closed again. We go up the stairs to the file cabinet room and head up the ladder in that. There's another ladder going up and see a slot with the second cage-like aperture. We're on the same level we were on with the giant. We head further up and find ourselves in a hallway chamber. 40ft to the left and right are spiral stairs leading up, not in mesh cages. We go to the north staircase and hear a new noise: a soft rustling, like bird wings or moth wings. A continuous brushing noise, coming from the interior of the spiral staircase. We see that the spiral staircase is wrapped in a fine metal cage and, though we're 100% certain we're in the stalactite and it's not outside, we don't see any reflection from outside the cage. There are no reflections, not even distant glittering. No pressure in air pressure or currents. The other staircase is identical.

We head up with Hugo up front and Emmet in back. He gets to the threshold, clutches his head, shakes it, turns, and violently vomits. We pull him out, and he's healthy to the scanner. Kruuti looks inside the stairwell and, past the cage, reality is throbbing and the air is warped in the blackness outside the cage. Turning her head down, she's able to focus and stabilize. She smells corn chips and the soft sound of feathery wings. The light plays, and she sees the obvious shadow of a moth scuttling along the stairs in front of her. Looking out beyond the cage is fucky, but we can advance by not looking out there. On the interior of the mesh is a grate - a moth trap - with sticky residue. She bioscans herself and finds she's healthy.

The cage surrounding the cage and the trap are the only noticably rusty things we've found in the facility. We head up the stairs, passing more tray traps. The sound of the moths doesn't go away, and their shadows impossibly pass along the stairs. As we near the top of the stairs, we realize we're smelling the smells of honey and blood from the residue in the trays.

As we come up the stairs, we come across the giant again. Rahim goes first and tries to say one of his words, but it comes out as the full line of jumbled letters in the puzzle: RYLIEKTCA! Immediately, we all understand it as a name. The world changes. What was before is different to what is now. The rubber-boned horror suddenly faceplants into the ground and we hear his teeth scraping across the floor as he goes limp and falls to the ground and he has a mimicry of Rahim's previous seizure. He goes for the ladder back up and realizes that he aches, and there's no doubt in his mind that doing that has a cost. Emrite uses her whole turn to head up the ladder, and is halfway up. The mercs bolt as well, more or less on pace with Emrite. Kruuti uses Teratic Overload on it, damaging it a bit. It continues to thrash around, and we realize it's got to be like 70ft long. It's a massive, hairless mannequin creature. The thought occurs to us that we're happy we didn't sleep down here.

Rahim continues his way up the ladder. Emrite climbs as well. The mercenaries haul ass as well. Kruuti climbs as well. The giant thrashes.

Rahim finishes the climb and prepares to shoot the giant. Emrite prepares rope to strangle the giant. The mercs prepare to shoot the giant. Kruuti finishes the climb and prepares her spike thrower to fire on the giant.

Rahim still hangs in to shoot the giant. Emrite rappels down the ladder with some rope and attempts to strangle the giant with an additional length of rope. She succeeds, but maybe to less effect? Its neck deforms under the crushing force being applied. Mercs hold position. Kruuti waits as well. The giant thrashes, chokes, and hacks reflexively. It hasn't harmed the calcite. The thrashing subsides and it's starting to regain its senses, as it tries to grab ineffectually at the rope.

Rahim stays at the top, prepared to fire. Emrite continues choking the giant. The rope digs into the giant's neck, and she sees milky white blood leaking from the neck. The dynamic rope has reached the limit of its ability to stretch, and it's creaking under the telekinesis. Kruuti cheers her on. The giant is no longer seizing, and turns to look directly at Emrite. It tries to worm its fingers underneath the thing choking it, and begins dragging itself across the floor towards her.

Rahim stays prepared to fire. Emrite squeezes as much as she can, trying to kill it. Rahim tells the mercs to prepare to haul in Emrite. Kruuti holds as well. The giant comes into the shaft. Rahim misses, Kruuti hits, and the mercs haul her up. The stretch in the rope keeps her in place a bit longer than she'd like, but the giant still misses its attack on her.

Rahim fires off more laser fire. Emrite continues choking it, as it now begins bleeding freely where the rope has dug into the meat of its body. The mercs blaze away, but miss and hit the bottom of the shaft. Kruuti misses. The giant attempts to haul itself up the shaft and grabs Hugo's legs and breaks them super bad.

Rahim lays into the hand with laser fire, finally carving through existing issues with the flesh. Emrite throws Hugo a line, trying to help him escape. Hugo hauls on the line, pulling himself free. Emmet unloads into the giant's palm, blazing away as forcefully as any of us. Kruuti throws plenty of spikes at it as well. The giant tries to pull his hand back, pulling with enough force to crack the floor. Then he reverses course, throwing 10' of his arm into the room and thrashing. The three of us dodge it as it flails around, until it catches Emmet and hits the wall hard. The giant's flailing hits him 2-4 times.

Rahim fires into the hand further. Emrite can't squeeze anymore due to the arm in the way, so she levels the sheer rifle at the hand. There are grievous flesh wounds as it flails around. Emmet continues to rest on death's doorstep. Hugo grabs his rifle and blasts away. Hugo blows several large holes in the arm. While Kruuti revives Emmet with a Lazarus Patch. The giant continues to thrash. It flops down hard, splashing us with gross fluids, knocking some of us to the floor. The giant appears to be able to barely be able to move

Rahim deals literally minimal damage, but killing the giant!
