## 2020-09-19-S -- Session 018 #S018

Rahim hits with some laser rifle burst fire and starts down the stairs. Emrite fires with her sheer rifle and follows. After throwing Emmett, the giant turns its attention back to Hugo. It backhands Hugo into the wall, who crunches, screams, and clutches his upper right leg. It's pretty obviously broken. Kruti tries to heal Hugo and follow the group. Hugo collects himself, picks up his rifle, and full-on sprints across the room. He makes it to the doorway before Rahim sees him get grabbed and pulled back.

Rahim dashes back up and shoots at the hand. Emrite also shoots at the hand. The giant then throws Hugo at us, hitting Rahim. Kruti continues the retreat. Emmet and Hugo move down the stairs, Hugo trailing some blood. We proceed with the retreat (strategic advance?). At the bottom of the stairs is a new room.

The room is roughly 40' across and 30' wide. The walls are smooth calcite, but the wall on the right is unadorned and looks carved out but not smoothed over. It looks deliberately left rough. There is a series of shelves on it, containing very strange objects. There are room for more, but are only three as of now. At first, they look like bowling-ball sized sculptures. They look like abstract 3D sculptures of mathematical forms. They're symmetrical balls of metal, large enough to hold in both hands. The wall has a geometric display framing. They all are traced through with psi-tech like transistors and such. Two are difficult to look at... It feels like you're looking at them, but there's a disconcerting element to trying to actually focus and lay eyes on them. They're like a 14/10 of something I missed. The third one, if looked at too long, feels like you're moving to the left at 3mph. Looked at out of the corner of your eye, it seems like it's moving.

On the left side of the room, a gigantic semimetallic hemisphere that looks like onion rings. There is a faint nimbus of movement around the other edges. Rahim realizes it looks like a geologic cutaway of a planet, but it's super weird. It looks like the central core is iron and looks covered in... urban structures. A layer outside of that has a lava-lamp substance inside of it that looks like liquid magma - but the inner shell of that sphere are more implications of city-like structures. Another layer of mantle has scattered structures there, and a solid black barrier around that with no detail on it whatsoever. Beyond that is what looks like continental crust spotted with spheres with cities in them, looking like continent-sized places beneath the surface. One has a floating hunk of rock in it, bone-white, that would be a small moon at scale. Some look like they're full of water and could be small oceans. There's fractal structures near the top - cave networks? And near the edge, gently shifting blue. Looking at the edge, he sees that it's actually moving. Minute shreds of condensation is actually moving along the edge. Around the upper reaches at the top, like gears or clocks, are circular dials. They're labelled in a script we haven't seen before. Some glyphs in the script look like the ideograms, but only in general shapes and angles - not character for character. One exit goes south with a hallway to hit another staircase.

Emrite telekinetically breaks off several thousand pounds of stone to collapse the hallway. When she starts, the grinding above stop. She fills the chamber, and they resume. After a few moments, we realize that the noise is actually getting quieter. Fucking awesome :D

Kruti heals Rahim and Hugo, and we level up. Rahim becomes even more like a Palestinian Han Solo with more Shoot and Sneak skills along with

Rahim goes to inspect the globe and sees that it's simulating weather, potentially realtime simulation. It seems to be this planet. Rahim tries to move the outer layer to no avail. Emrite tries a line shunt on a dial and takes roughly 10m to hone in on some EM output. She manages to figure out how to get the translation program to pull useful data from the object. It spits out a timetable, horalogical data. Exact translations are a little fuzzy, but the clocks are apparently timers listed in descending order of interval length with exponential decrease in time. The readout displays in seconds, but it's tough to comprehend. The top is 100s-10s of millions of years. The fastest are reading intervals in decades. This device is measuring down to the nanosecond continental drift, evaporative rate of oceans, cycles of atmospheric change, river progress, glacier melt and reformation, and some kind of interval for several thousand species. Nothing new appears to have started when we arrived. It's definitely a fascinating curiosity, but we don't have much of a reason to believe it's substantial pretech.

Emrite grabs one of the psiballs with her telekinesis and easily moves it. As she drags it over, it behaves very strangely. It's not going in the prescribed direction: it goes opposite. It doesn't seem to have moving parts. It appears to be symmetrical no matter what way it turns. Emrite reaches out and taps it with a finger and sees a clear pattern to how it's constructed. She begins to understand what's happening with it. With additional manipulation, she might be able to figure out the pattern. There is information to be retrieved from this thing with time. She grabs it fully.

It feels like it's filled with extremely dense liquid, providing secondary force as it's moved. As it's rotated, it feels like her hands are being rotated in directions they shouldn't be pulled in. There's no central structure, but it's as though the center of gravity is moving as rotated, and isn't inside the object being held. Those of us looking on see strange portions of the room and perspectives through the negative space on the object.

We hook up through the group telepathic link - straining Kruti in a way that few things have - and we collectively grasp what the object might do and how to make it do it. It's a combination complex problem and proof of higher dimensional mathematics. Because it's a proof, can be used to demonstrate those energies and angles. It can once allow a user to select the direction of local gravity in a 50ft radius. Demonstrating it will consume the object. There's room for 30-40 of these things, and there are only 3 left (inclusive of the one we now possess).

Emrite pulls in the other one that looks most like this one. We use the same psychic concert to examine the second one. After about 2 minutes we figure out that it's a similar proof that affects personal gravity direction. It can be invoked once, ever, and cannot be changed while happening. The duration of the effect is determined by the character's INT: INT score rounds, stopped at any point, not restarted.

We try the last one. Human cognition has a limit to the strains it can endure without breaking. The experience we survive adds several standard deviations to the high point of what was previously thought possible to that limit. D: Each one of us is subject to temperospacial revelations inside of the space of a few minutes that redefine our relationships with distance, time, matter, and the nature of existence. We reconsider the definition of what it means to be God. While it only contains the ability to do this thing once, it can do the following:

    - Apparent smallness. May "shrink" to any size below their own.
    - Apparent hugeness. May "grow" to any size above their own.
    - Outside time, but not consequence. Can stop, speed up, or rewind time. Cannot change past events, but can view them. Can place self in future at any point and interact from that point on but moves through space no faster than usual.
    - No-clip mode. Can move 360 degrees through floors, walls, and roofs at normal speed.
    - User may select local gravity direction in a 50ft radius.
    - User may select own personal gravity direction.
    - Can change gravity strength. As high or low as preferred. Affects a 50ft radius.
    - User can alter own inertia however they wish. (Light as a feather and fast as The Flash, or heavy as a statue and slow as a slug.)
    - Waveform. User can move at light speed to any visible point.

Rahim takes the local gravity bomb. Emrite takes the god bomb. Kruti hands the field radio to Emmett and takes the personal gravity bomb.

Kruti asks that we unblock the corridor and retreive the boxes left upstairs. Emrite does so, uses telekinesis to move up and grab the boxes, and comes back down. We proceed down the hallway and up the stairs to find a room with filing cabinets in it. Rows of them. The only exit is a broad ladder leading up. All the cabinets have been opened, drawers extended, and all material has been piled in the center of the room and burnt. The burn didn't finish, and lots of papers are have been pushed around the room. There are a good number of mostly intact pieces around the room.

The first paper (or pressed sheef of pulpy matter) has lines of glyphs seen on the clock, embossed into the surface of the material. The structure has held up well despite age. The header is translated (chugging a bit) a stygiograph and the title is "Secret Caches in the Spire of Death From Whence He Observes." Kruti's translator program takes in the rest of the document, but gets a warning that it's highly self-referential and will take some time to properly interpret. There are two other nearly-intact documents. The second is a similar format, titled "The Tribes of the Ziggurats of Iron." Rahim begins to feed it through his compad. Emrite gets some kind of report on "Freshwater Sources in the Drowned City Beneath God-Vomit Falls."
