## 2020-27-06-S -- Session 006

Kruuti makes psychic contact with the humanoid and feels panic and hope. They have the image of a brown/black/green rapidly inflating popover-type going right for their face. It's clearly coming out of a knothole on the log they're stuck on.

She asks if they're ok, and she hears deep panic and frustration that they can't answer, and anger since they are trying to move and can't. Emrite attempts to use the weird psychic water weapon on the log near them. If it's working, it's not yet obvious how to make it do whatever it's supposed to do. She is able to lift the woman by her robes and dips her in the river up to her knees, with no results. Kruuti detects confusion and panic.

Emrite puts her back on the log. Rahim shouts to ask how we unfreeze them. The thought flashes through their head of worm blood. Eoperapatus Toterogiganticus -- scientifically accurate measurements for what qualifies as worm blood. It's a species of velvet worm that's can grow to 12 ft long.

We depart NE along the river for around 20 min to the now-standard tableau of dead, bloated livestock and carrion birds. There are fields of dead corn rotting in the mire as we come upon a village. As we come through, there are swarms of starlings rolling over us - taking off, flying as we pass, and landing back on the water. We come upon the village, far smaller than Carromir. The buildings have been badly damaged. Structural timbers and chimneys are intact along with second stories, but the first floors are blown away. Every building has 4-6 people sitting on top. They aren't waving at us or anything, and we couldn't hear if they'd be shouting.

We pass closer passing by and notice that they have no supplies. Like, at all. Rahim pings Max on their network to let them know:

```
Bearing
Distance

Max - {Estimated No Refugees} in town at this marker, on rooves, no visible supplies, unlikely to survive without intervention. - Rahim
```

As we're turning the bend, there is a sudden glint of gold under the water. Emrite attempts to lift it with her telekinesis only to get a spike of headache and nearly pull herself out of the boat. We stop the GN and wait for the wake to die down. The glimpse of gold is a heavy layer of silt, and a hand's breadth of highly reflective gold somewhere down there. When we slow down, we also smell the strong and distinct scent of rotting fish (kind of). Sea rot, but freshwater. As overpowering as dropping an entire tray of sushi in a tool shed on a summer day left to spoil. In addition, chunks of shattered crab shell litter the nearby spike of rock. There are no complete crab shells, and glancing at them reveal they're 3" thick in places. We drop a waypoint and continue on.

THE SHATTERED DAM

We approach a gogmagogic structure of black stone - a scale of construction that beggars belief. To look up at it from the base, one must tilt one's head to the limit of upward movement. It's cracked in its center with a cavern of raw stone. Black water tumbles through. The interior reveals an internal structure of rooms and tunnels in the mass of the stone. The method of constructing the entire thing out of a single piece of stone boggles the mind. Nobody makes megastructures like this. It is a remnant of the time before the screen. "The past is a foreign country."

In the crack in the dam, an opening near the bottom is obvious - a large room. The opening itself could fit an entire building. The crack extends below, and the water level is lower. Sharp-edged chunks of black stone is scattered around the bottom of the dam. In addition, 6 sluice gates large enough to admit an oil tanker, are all open. They're gridded so nothing huge can come through, and only a small trickle of water is coming out. Each one has a highly visible polyhedral lock/door. The 5 (excepting the far left) have outlines of a square, diamond, top shape, pentagon, and mutlifaceted triangular shape.

The far left houses a very large figure (humanoid, 15-20ft tall) kneeling in front of the leftmost gate, pressing its head against the lock. Its hands are pressed against the side of the dam, pulling away to show water pushing through against its body. It would be enough force to send a normal human tumbling away at extreme force. It's not human or flesh. It stops pressing itself against the dam and stands up, and the increased water flow doesn't seem to bother it at all. It picks up one of the giant chunks of black rock and places it up against another. They knit together like dropped pottey. We maybe come up to its knee. When it moves, plates move across its body. There is a pyramid indentation on the sluice, perfectly matched to the face of the golem-like creature.

It slowly (like tired or injured) begins walking directly towards the GN. Kruuti reaches out towards the golem and makes some sort of contact. She gets a sense of tremendous sadness and exhaustion, as though up for 36hrs with more business to tend to and a tedious task ahead. When it recognizes our presence, the sadness vanishes like a dropped cup and is replaced with a routine analysis of the GN and its passengers with the purpose of rending everything to pieces.

Kruuti calls out to it to tell it that we're there to help, intuitively speaking a language that the creature speaks - one similar to Mandate Standard like Old English is to English. It responds, out loud, in a voice that booms so loudly that it ripples the water. "GRIEVOUS DAMAGE REPAIRS ARE NECESSARY. ALL MATERIALS AVAILABLE ARE VALID. ALL PERSONELL IMMEDIATELY RETURN TO ATTEND TO EXIGENT EVENTS. YOU ARE COMPELLED." Kruuti asks where we are to report, and it pauses, turns to pick up chunk of black stone the size of a tractor tire, looks at the dam and back at us, and says "I'M VERY {HUNGRY/TIRED/EXHAUSTED}." Kruuti responds that she understands, and that we're looking to help, asking what it eats. It looks down at the stone and back at the leftmost sluice. "HYDROELECTRIC POWER MUST BE RESTORED. REPAIRS NECESSITATE RESTORATION OF HY... HY... HY..." and trails off. "CONTAINMENT FAAAAAIIIILU...." Kruuti suggests returning to its dock to recharge. "INSUFFICIENT POWER DRAW. ALTERNATIVE NECESSARY." Kruuti suggests it can't have our craft, since we need more reinforcements. "YOUR REQUEST HAS BEEN DENIED DUE TO THE CHAIN OF COMMAND." Kruuti suggests it halt or be decommissioned, and it instead picks up speed. "IT IS A CAPITAL OFFENSE TO FIRE ON EVEN A REPRODUCTION OF AN OVERSEER. LOWER YOUR WEAPON."

Rahim is able to skirt around it and get closer to the dam. "OVERSEER HARANANA REMAINS IN SEQUESTRATION. IN HIS ABSENCE, THE SIX UNDERSEERS ARE THE HIGHEST AUTHORITY IN THIS INSTALLATION. YOU SPEAK TO UNDERSEER ALNITAK." Kruuti says we have news about Haranana, and it pauses. If it continues to pursue us, it'll be forced to respond. It's frozen in place for a moment. The conversation takes a turn, and it begins marching towards us again. Emrite responds with the shear rifle. It typically disassembles things, rendering them completely useless. This time, a few bits fall off and a fine coating of dust flit off, and it appears to be highly resistant to pretech weapons. Rahim increases the distance between us to roughly 100m, hoping to gauge its max speed. It instead hurls a ~400-lb chunk of black rock towards us. It hits, and we take significant damage and are lucky we have seatbelts.

Emrite misses with the shear rifle, and Rahim disengages. Kruuti tries to cut the rock on board with the saber, which goes poorly. We discuss our options until we notice someone waving a flaring torch at us, near a copse of trees. There is a trickle of smoke coming from there and a man in rags with a torch. As we approach, his hoarse voice shouts "I need help." As we approached, a swarm of zombies began raking at our vessel and clamoring to board.
